(Based on the Star Wars game Knights of the Old Republic's watery world of Manaan.)

I've sealed myself in an office and closed both blast doors at the ends of the hall. If they get through those, they'll cut through this office door like butter. I fear this is the last field report I'll write.
	From the submarine hanger, my team and I made our way to the mining chambers. Most of the bodies there were only charred from a mining incident, a fuel explosion it appeared. As we headed to the administrative building, the corpses became less charred and more chewed. Packer used the override password to the main admin terminal. Most systems had been shut down or put in emergency mode. There was one man, however, who was on the line calling from the mess hall. He seemed to be fine until we asked him what happened. He answered with cryptic replies and mumbles about fish. Then we heard them scratching at his door, even through the weak mic. But instead of panicking, he shouted, "my friends!" One of our team started to warn him not to open the door, but not before we heard his door unlock. Of course, you know I've been killing for a long time under your contracts, but never had I heard such agonizing screams before. 
	We listened for only a moment longer before Packer was able to overload the man's terminal. I then proposed we get out and gas the place. Or better yet, pack it with explosives. They didn't want to listen, though. If we had gone with it we'd probably be surfacing by now. Kaylin was the opposition. She wanted to be the 'hero' and save the survivours, as if there were any survivours. I guess the others wanted to be heroes, too, but they aren't now.
	I suppose while I have all the time until my own demise, I'll elaborate on theirs.
	Packer found the most promising lead from the latest message sent: the airlocks. Luckily for us, it was fairly close by. The first one we came to had been flooded. It looked like the bodies in there had done the deed themselves. Passing by a couple empty airlocks a thing jumped from the shadows and got Malia's neck and ripped her apart. Trennen put a shot through its head moments before I had.
	For some reason, we continued on down the hallway. Coming around a corner, there were echos of more creatures dragging, presumably, bodies to eat in the darkness behind us. The airlocks on this end told a different story. The control panels had been torn off with nasty claw marks. These things were smart, even in this degraded form. Smart enough to corral people into there and drown them all. From the little I knew about these fish, they are anything but rabid animals. Up top they own the planet and treat us like scum. Maybe we are, but they'd be too civil to resort to violence.
	After more drowned people, I suggested we head back. They seemed to agree. On the way, the hound we brought, Apto, must've eaten something. When he caught up to us, he was foaming at the mouth. Apto got to Brenten before we had a chance to put him down.
	At the admin terminal, Kaylin was still arguing about saving people. The rest of us, Trennen, Packer, and I, all agreed that it was best if we left; a third of the team was dead. Kaylin abruptly snatched the gun from Packer's holster and pointed it at me and Trennen. I called her name gently but scornfully. "You're horrible people," she said. I almost laughed out loud despite the situation.
	"Then shoot us already," I snorted. "We're as good as dead if we stay here. You are, too." She glared at me and went on to explain that she was going off on her own to look for anyone. She made her way to Packer's bag and picked up a mine to set by the terminal so we wouldn't follow. Kaylin activated the mine on the floor then backed away, the gun still trained on me specifically. She turned and made a run for it. Do you want to know what I did? I shot her. Without hesitation. I didn't need to; I'd already made up my mind. No one breaks off from the team. It was our rule. Packer was scolding me, though, as he deactivated his mine. I needed to explain to him my reasoning. I can't lead a group that's angry with me. "She wouldn't last two minutes out there and you know it," I had said. After a moment of silence passed, I added, "She was really ready to blast our heads off."
	He sighed and finally agreed. "Let's get back to the sub, then." On our way there, we encountered only a few more fish. Near the locker rooms, though, we heard a shuffle coming from one of the lockers. Trennen called out it, weapon handy. To our surprise a man's voice replied, "Yes, hello? Are you a search party? I can't seem to get out, which was fine when there were those crazy fish out 'n about, but now that you're here..." Unfortunately, he had no precision tools to cut the lock, only a blast door plasma saw. We had to take our chances with it. The shrapnel was what got him before we got him out.
	The sub was gone. Not taken, but shred to bits by a hanger crane. Packer was hysterical. I know he's had some hissy-fits about his sub before, but I'm pretty sure there was more to it than that. I think it got to us all, the insanity that seems to lurk here. That's probably what started with the fish, too. Packer started beating himself on crates, bashing his head on walls. They heard it, of course, so Trennen and I, the last, ran. I don't think there was anything we could have done for him. I didn't know what to do after that. Trennen decided that we should go to the admin terminal. But we both knew, no matter how much we tried, they would send no help. Passing by some offices, they jumped out from one at Trennen who was in front. I took down the ones still hiding in the room. I wasn't able to get a clear shot at the fish mauling him so I had to use the butt of my rifle to get them off. Trennen yelled for me to run. I knew there were too many, but I couldn't leave him. Between the two of us we finished the attackers. We heard more running this way, so he used the pause to shove me into an adjoining hallway and close the blast door. I caught a glimpse of the fish behind him. I couldn't unseal the door because the console was broken. I pounded on the door, being forced to hear his screams. They toyed with his dying breath. But I couldn't rest then either. There were more coming from this side and I had no more ammo. I ran until I found a clear hallway and came to where I now am.
[END OF REPORT]

I don't know how long I sat crying at the base of this office door, the last sight of Trennen or anyone living still brightly fresh in my mind. This pencil has been my friend, comforting me through taking away my recent memories. You can't imagine the loneliness and the longing for another presence I feel now. Then I remember that none of this will matter to anyone, all they'll see is a small, but lost opportunity.
This whole experience has reminded me past mistakes. If you find this, and I am no longer able to, I ask that my father receive this next part:

I'm sorry, dad. I knew I shouldn't have left you to defend and take care of yourself. I was arrogant and selfish, angry enough to not think about your well-being. I-
I can hear them scratching at my door. No, this can't be it, there's got to be more or someone to save me. I'm going to die, aren't I? I just want you to know that I lc